cfp2sched/README.md, before:

# cfp2sched

Generate schedule table markdown file + individual markdown talk files from HotCRP `JSON export + attachments` feature.

## Prerequesites

HotCRP export : 
  - go to `https[:]//path/to/HotCRP/search?t=all&q=`
  - select all wanted talks 
  - download them selecting the `Paper information > JSON with attachments` 
  - export the `hotcrp-data.json` file and the optional photos (`hotcrp-paperXX-picture-upload.[jpg|png]`) **in the same directory that** `cfp2sched.py`.

## Run the script

`$ python cfp2sched.py hotcrp-data.json`

## Output:
  - the schedule will be written to the file: `schedule.md`
  - the individual md files for each talk will be written to: `talks/pid` (pid is unique id given by HotCRP, the URL of each talk is set to `/talks/pid`)
  - links to photos are set to: `/img/speakers/hotcrp-paperXX-picture-upload.[jpg|png]` where `XX` is the pid of the talk. If no photo given during CFP, no photo is displayed.

## Author(s)
- Christophe Brocas (@cbrocas)

## License
GNU GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE (GPL) Version 3

Commit message:

document the exploitation in Jekyll

cfp2sched/README.md, after:

# cfp2sched

Generate schedule table markdown file + individual markdown talk files from HotCRP `JSON export + attachments` feature.

## Prerequesites

HotCRP export : 
  - go to `https[:]//path/to/HotCRP/search?t=all&q=`
  - select all wanted talks 
  - download them selecting the `Paper information > JSON with attachments` 
  - export the `hotcrp-data.json` file and the optional photos (`hotcrp-paperXX-picture-upload.[jpg|png]`) **in the same directory that** `cfp2sched.py`.

## Run the script

`$ python cfp2sched.py hotcrp-data.json`

## Output:
  - the schedule will be written to the file: `schedule.md`
  - the individual md files for each talk will be written to: `talks/pid` (pid is unique id given by HotCRP, the URL of each talk is set to `/talks/pid`)
  - links to photos are set to: `/img/speakers/hotcrp-paperXX-picture-upload.[jpg|png]` where `XX` is the pid of the talk. If no photo given during CFP, no photo is displayed.

## Inject results into Jekyll website
- copy `schedule.md` to `<Jekyll root directory>`
- copy `talks` directory to `<Jekyll root directory>/pages` (create it if not already done)
- copy `hotcrp-paperXX-picture-upload.[jpg|png]` to `<Jekyll root directory>/img/speakers/`

And then : `$ jekyll serve`

## Author(s)
- Christophe Brocas (@cbrocas)

## License
GNU GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE (GPL) Version 3
